ENTRY 0001

Today I covered:
    finished calculator app
    Javascript course 
    Javascript MDN notes
    Git course
    React Intro

Finished refacotring the calculator and updated the styling slightly. Happy with 
this project. Learned much about how to properly structure code and about how to
better separate functions and avoid repeating lines.

The JS course talked about arrays and object. discovered the Indexof method to 
grab the index of a value.
While notetaking I covered the operators. The logical comparison and assignment 
ones might be useful in the future. 

in git, I learned a little about 'reset' to point back to the head when you make 
changes. Also learned some about 'restore' to unstage a change. that is followed
up with git checkout . to revert to the previous stage.

React & DOM.
DOM is an object in JS that represents the entire HTML. React uses a virtual DOM
object that it can more easily manipulate and then compares this to the actual 
DOM and then uses an algorithm to effectively update the real DOM. This makes 
React run much quicker since changes are cheap (only on the virtual, memory-only
DOM). It also uses JSX, a sort of pseudo-language that allows HTML to be written
in JS files.

Decent day. Had several time wasting moments as well though. The grind of 
learning is tough. Exercise & taking breaks and eating well do help. The

Also spent some time reading code complete covering Pseudo code. Main two points
1 Code INTO a language, not IN it
2 practice good pseudocoding.
combined this allows you to solve the problem prior to writing a single line of code
This approach means that the actual coding is a lot easier & bugs are caught before
they create problems. 
layer 1: english that is not language specific
layer 2: each line is planned out in said language.
layer 3: actual code. 

Doing 1 & 2 will make 3 way easier. 

Signing off, 
Lennart